bpo-30533:Add function inspect.getmembers_static that does not call properties or dynamic properties. (#20911)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2020-06-16-18-00-56.bpo-30533.StL57t.rst

Add :func:`inspect.getmembers_static` , it return all members without

> calling properties and other dynamic. Patch by Weipeng Hong.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
triggering dynamic lookup via the descriptor protocol. Patch by Weipeng Hong.
```
